Update frontpage (#1110)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/index.md

:::
::::

## What is Nix?

[Nix](https://github.com/NixOS/nix) allows treating Unix processes as pure functions over file systems.

It is the basis of a growing ecosystem of tools that facilitate repeatable results in software development:
- [Nixpkgs](https://github.com/nixos/nixpkgs) is [the largest, most up-to-date software repository in the world](https://repology.org/repositories/graphs).
- [NixOS](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos) is a Linux distribution that can be configured fully declaratively.

## What can you do with the Nix ecosystem?

> - Build **executables** with Nix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Programmatically build linked directories of **plain or executable files** with Nix
```

This is more right but still a mouthful

- Develop software using **libraries or tools** from Nixpkgs 

> - Configure **services** and deploy them to machines running NixOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Declaratively configure **applications** with NixOS
```

> - Develop software using **libraries or tools** from Nixpkgs 
> - Configure **services** and deploy them to machines running NixOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Develop multilingual software using libraries or tools from Nixpkgs 
- Declaratively configure applications with NixOS
```

> ## What else can you do with Nix?
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Probably not needed then

:::
::::

## What is Nix?

> [Nix](https://github.com/NixOS/nix) is an open source build system, configuration management system, and mechanism for deploying software, focused on reproducibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Nix](https://github.com/NixOS/nix) Nix is an open source tool that allows treating Unix processes and file system operations as pure functions.

```

Thanks to @someoneserge  for inspiration on the phrasing

Reviewer 2: We could probably reference them in the `<!-- comments -->`

> It is the basis of an ecosystem of exceptionally powerful tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the basis of an ecosystem of tools that facilitate repeatable results in software development.
```

> [Nixpkgs](https://github.com/nixos/nixpkgs) is [the largest, most up-to-date software repository in the world](https://repology.org/repositories/graphs).
> [NixOS](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos) is a Linux distribution that can be configured fully declaratively, with unmatched flexibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nixpkgs](https://github.com/nixos/nixpkgs) is [the largest, most up-to-date software repository in the world](https://repology.org/repositories/graphs).
- [NixOS](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos) is a Linux distribution that can be configured fully declaratively.
```

Important: let's stay factual. This is reference documentation, not advertisement. (I know you took this from a different place, but that had a different purpose)

:::
::::

## What is Nix?

[Nix](https://github.com/NixOS/nix) allows treating Unix processes and file system operations as pure functions.

It is the basis of an ecosystem of exceptionally powerful tools.
[Nixpkgs](https://github.com/nixos/nixpkgs) is [the largest, most up-to-date software repository in the world](https://repology.org/repositories/graphs).
[NixOS](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos) is a Linux distribution that can be configured fully declaratively, with unmatched flexibility.

## How to use software from Nixpkgs

This is what you can do with software from Nixpkgs:
- Run **standalone programs** locally with Nix
- Use **libraries or tools** to build software with Nixpkgs
- Deploy **services** to machines running NixOS

> In order to do that:
> - [Install Nix on Linux or WSL](https://nix.dev/install-nix)
> 
> It will help you to go more quickly if you learn to:
> - [Read the Nix language](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nix-language)
> - [Package existing software with Nixpkgs](https://nix.dev/tutorials/packaging-existing-software)
> - [Work with NixOS modules](https://nix.dev/tutorials/module-system/)
> - [Run NixOS in virtual machines](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/nixos-configuration-on-vm)
> - [Provision remote NixOS machines via SSH](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/provisioning-remote-machines)
> - [Set up your own cache for sharing binaries](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/binary-cache-setup)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let the big link boxes direct readers to the next steps. Doesn't make sense to hard-code navigation here, that's what actual navigation is for.
